The Fool: New opportunities and beginnings are available to you.  Be open-minded and curious, ready to explore and discover new things.  Play, have fun and be spontaneous.  
The Magician: You are taking action to manifest your goals and have the resources to create what you desire.  You combine magic and practicality to bring your ideas to reality.
The High Priestess: You are in tune with your intuition and your Higher Self.  The answers you seek lie within.  Access your inner wisdom and divine feminine energy.
The Empress: Abundance and creativity flows to you.  You embody the mother archetype and are bringing a new project into being.  Your divine feminine energy flows through you as you grow and nurture your 'babies'. 
The Emperor: You are establishing structures and foundations from which your success will grow.  You favor stability and certainty over flexibility and change.  You have the discipline to see your plans through. 
The Hierophant: You are working with a teacher, mentor or guiding authority.  You will expand your knowledge and learn fundamental principles with a trusted source. 
The Lovers: You have a beautiful, soul-honoring connection with another. You successfully integrate dual forces into a unified state.  You face a choice of the highest moral grounds. 
The Chariot: You are a driving force, fuelled by determination and willpower.  You stop at nothing on your path to success.  You overcome obstacles and find cohesion between opposing forces. 
Strength: You have inner power and strength, and lead using subtle influence and persuasion.  You understand your animal instincts and express your raw power with courage and measured restraint. 
The Hermit: You are on a path of spiritual knowledge and self-discovery.  Retreat from everyday life and create space for introspection.  Go within and you'll discover the knowledge and clarity you seek.  
Wheel of Fortune: You are experiencing the cycle of change.  The wheel is turning and your situation is constantly evolving and shifting.  What goes up must come down, and vice versa.
Justice: You understand cause and effect, and that your choices have consequences.  You seek to equalize and balance, finding the fairest outcome for all.
The Hanged Man: Life is on hold and you are in a state of temporary suspension as you await new insight and clarity.  Step back and look at life from a different perspective.
Death: You are going through a powerful change and transformation.  There are parts of your life that are falling away and disintegrating, making way for new opportunities to emerge.  
Temperance: You are discovering how to create balance and harmony in your life.  You find alignment and a sense of peace with your external surroundings. 
The Devil: You are aware of unhealthy attachments, addictions and dependencies that are affecting you.  You may think it is hard to let go, but it is easier than you realize.  Let go of fear. 
The Tower: What you thought were solid foundations may be starting to crack.  Know that these events are happening for you, not to you.  New paradigms and opportunities are emerging.  
The Star: This is a powerful time for inspired action, channelled through your authentic self.  Be open to possibility and stay true to yourself.  Have faith and trust in the Universe, and you will share in it's gifts and blessings. 
The Moon: Connect with your intuition and subconscious mind.  You are experiencing the subtle forces of nature, especially the lunar cycles.  Allow yourself to flow with these energies. 
The Sun: You are surrounded by warmth, radiance and vitality.  You are lit up, energized by possibility, growth and success.  Radiate your light and shine it on the world.  
Judgement: This is your time to rise up!  You are experiencing a huge spiritual awakening and realizing that you are destined for so much more.  This is your cosmic uplevelling! Be ready to tune into a higher frequency. 
The World: You have come full circle and are celebrating the successful completion of an important project or phase.  As you close one chapter, you open another. 

Ace of Swords: You are experiencing a breakthrough and a new way of thinking. Your mind is stretched by new ideas and you are excited about putting those ideas into action. 
Two of Swords: You are facing a challenging decision - a fork in the road - but you are unsure which option to take. Look closer: there are aspects that you are not currently seeing that will help you make the right decision.
Three of Swords: You are feeling hurt and disappointed, taking on the negative energy of others. You feel loss, heartbreak, grief and sorrow. This will pass. Work on releasing the pain, forgiving or moving on. 
Four of Swords: You have reached your first milestone, and now you need to recharge your energy before the next phase begins. Take a break, clear your mind and meditate. 
Five of Swords: You have been engaged in a win-lose conflict. Trust has been broken and you feel that you are acting in competition with others, rather than collaboration.  Look for common ground or seek forgiveness to move forward.
Six of Swords: You are in a state of transition - A physical move, a rite of passage, or a mental shift of some kind. You are leaving behind what was familiar and comfortable to move towards the unknown. This is essential for your growth. 
Seven of Swords: You cannot do everything at once. You must prioritise what's important to you, even if it means letting others down. You may need to put yourself first to get what you want. 
Eight of Swords: You feel trapped by your thoughts and your situation.  While it may appear as if you have few choices, the bindings around you are loose and if you change your thoughts, you will change your life. 
Nine of Swords: Worry, despair and anxiety are keeping you up at night. The more you associate with your fears, the more they will rule your life. Reach out for help.
Ten of Swords: You are experiencing a traumatic or sudden ending that is tearing you apart. But, on the positive side, this ending is creating the space for new opportunities to emerge. 
Page of Swords: You have a curious mind and love to ask questions and learn new things. You are a natural communicator and ready to take the next step to share your message with the world.
Knight of Swords: You are driven, ambitious, and willing to dive in head first. You are quick to take action, but sometimes it is impulsive and forced. You are well-educated and a confident communicator.
Queen of Swords: You are determined, resilient and smart. You think more than you feel. You will not tolerate mistruths or excessive "fluff". Instead, you get straight to the point; for this reason, many value your opinion.
King of Swords: You are in your power, ruling from a place of authority. You use your analytical abilities and intellect to assess the situation at hand and make clear decisions based on what you know to be the truth.

Ace of Cups: You are filled with happiness, joy and bliss. Creative opportunities are abundant. There may be new love, friendships, or even art projects available to you now. 
Two of Cups: You are creating deep connections and partnerships, based on shared values, compassion and unconditional love. You see the divine in others. Nurture these new relationships as they hold potential for the future. 
Three of Cups: Celebrate your successes with your closest friends and family. Collaborate with others on a creative project and inspire one another to reach new heights. 
Four of Cups: Offers and opportunities are flowing to you, but for now you're saying "no". Contemplate your next step and focus on what is important to you. 
Five of Cups: A situation hasn't turned out the way you expected and you feel regretful and disappointed. Before you get completely lost in the doldrums, look around you - there are new opportunities aplenty, when you are ready for them.
Six of Cups: You are filled with happy memories from the past, like reuniting with childhood friends or high school crushes. You feel carefree and imaginative. You bring harmony and cooperation to your current  relationships. 
Seven of Cups: Many options are available to you and you must make a choice. But be careful - you are prone to illusion and unrealistic ideals. Evaluate your options and dig below the surface to discover what's really involved with each choice. 
Eight of Cups: It is time to walk away from a disappointing situation or relationship. You wanted it to work but alas, it hasn't - the only option is to move on with your life. 
Nine of Cups: You are deeply satisfied with everything that you have. The planets have aligned and you have everything you wished for. Count your blessings and express gratitude for what you have created. 
Ten of Cups: You have created a life of connection and bliss by following your heart and trusting your intuition. There is a sense of wholeness, completion and alignment in your relationships with others. 
Page of Cups: A new creative idea or opportunity has come to you out of the blue. You are filled with dreamy aspirations about what is possible. You may receive an unexpected, pleasant surprise. 
Knight of Cups: You are romantic, charming and in love with love itself. You wear your heart on your sleeve. You thrive on all things beautiful and are inspired by the many creative outlets available to you. 
Queen of Cups: You are the nurturer, the mother. You support others by listening with your heart, being compassionate and caring for them deeply. You are highly intuitive, creative, and in flow with the energies around you. 
King of Cups: You are in control of your emotions and have the maturity to feel your feelings without allowing them to get the better of you. You balance the head and the heart perfectly and are the master of your inner and outer worlds. 

Ace of Wands: You are highly motivated, energised and filled with new ideas to inspire growth. A world of possibility is opening up.  Follow your passion. 
Two of Wands: You know what you want to manifest - now you need to work out how.  You are exploring all options and planning your path ahead before taking action. Let your intuition and passion guide you as you confirm your next steps. 
Three of Wands: Get out of your comfort zone and explore new opportunities for growth and development. Cover new ground and expand your horizons. 
Four of Wands: You've been rapidly growing and expanding - now it's time to pause and celebrate what you have achieved. Enjoy the fruits of your labor.  A wedding, a birthday, a homecoming or family get together may also be on the cards.
Five of Wands: You are surrounded by conflict, disagreement, competition and in-fighting. Everyone is actively voicing their opinion, but no one is listening. Listen carefully to each person or simply remove yourself from the drama. 
Six of Wands: You are feeling confident, self-assured and successful. You are proud of your achievements and are ready to shout them from the rooftops. The people around you recognize your success and cheer you on. 
Seven of Wands: You are in an enviable position. You have worked hard to get where you are, but other people want what you have and are prepared to fight you for it. Protect your territory and stand up for what you believe in. 
Eight of Wands: Everything is moving very quickly right now. Go with the flow and use the momentum to fuel positive change and create big results. Travel may also be in the cards. 
Nine of Wands: Even in the face of adversity and exhaustion, you stand tall and strong. You are resilient, persistent and ready to do what it takes to get to the finish line. Keep pushing - You are so close. Don't let others get to you.
Ten of Wands: You are taking on extra burdens, workloads, and responsibility. You know it is only temporary, so you are willing to put in the hard work now to accomplish your goal and reap the rewards later. 
Page of Wands: You are a free spirit with a passion for life. You are filled with new ideas, giving you a feeling of creative restlessness. You feel a strong pull towards using these ideas to start a new phase of life. A spiritual path may be calling to you. 
Knight of Wands: You are charged up with energy, passion, motivation and enthusiasm, and you are channeling that energy through your inspired action. Fueled by ambition and confidence, you are here to make things happen. 
Queen of Wands: Always the social butterfly, you lead a busy life, making connections with others and putting yourself out there as you pursue your creative vision. You are confident, courageous and determined, unafraid to speak up and be heard.
King of Wands: You are the visionary leader, ready to lead your team towards a common goal. Others gravitate towards you because you are charismatic, focused and determined. You play the social game to make things happen. 


Ace of Pentacles: A new opportunity is available to you that has the potential to grow into something lucrative and abundant. It may be a business idea, job offer, or financial opportunity. Manifest your goals in a very tangible and real way. 
Two of Pentacles: You are juggling multiple priorities and need to manage your time carefully to find your balance. You don't have to be busy to get things done. Sometimes taking a break is the most productive thing you can do. 
Three of Pentacles: You are collaborating with others and creating synergies to achieve big results. You balance the wisdom of the experts and the new ideas of novices. 
Four of Pentacles: You are very financially conscious, actively saving money and watching your expenses. Be careful though - money works best when it is in a state of flow and exchange, not when it's being stashed away. 
Five of Pentacles: It's tough out there, and your finances may be in a pinch. You must stop focusing only on what you lack and re-frame your strengths to build abundance. 
Six of Pentacles: You are feeling generous and ready to share your abundance and wealth with others. Or, you may be on the receiving end of generosity, accepting these gifts with gratitude. Give abundantly, and it will come back to you threefold. 
Seven of Pentacles: You are prepared to put in the hard work now and to reap the rewards later. You know this is a long-term game and you may not see immediate results. You've done what you can, now it's time to wait patiently for the pay-off. 
Eight of Pentacles: You leverage your determination, conscientiousness, and attention to detail to get the job done. As you do the same task over and over, you work your way towards mastery of your craft. 
Nine of Pentacles: You have created abundance - now enjoy the fruits of your labors. Don't be afraid to splurge on something special for yourself. Use your wealth to create financial independence in the long term. 
Ten of Pentacles: You have accumulated wealth and abundance through hard work and dedication. It brings you deep joy and satisfaction to share this wealth with your loved ones. You express gratitude for fulfilling your material goals and dreams. 
Page of Pentacles: You are inspired to start a new financial or career opportunity, and see the potential to grow and manifest your goals. You are ready to uplevel your skills and learn something new. 
Knight of Pentacles: You are hard-working and conscientious, sticking to the routines that have worked for you in the past. You put one foot in front of the other and get the work done. You are a natural planner and implementer. 
Queen of Pentacles: You are the ultimate working parent - you care for your family and domestic responsibilities while also making a living for yourself and creating financial abundance. You maintain a healthy balance between home and work. 
King of Pentacles: You are confident, attracting and managing wealth. You can translate your vision into something that is tangible, practical and often lucrative. You are the ultimate business owner. 



 